RaiNet Kakeru　■Access No. 3
"Pi-po-pi-po-! The Net Police Trap!"

Japan's Net Police did not think well of Kakeru、 who had kept 
doing meritorious deeds.  They threatened to persecute Kakeru 
under the Unauthorized Access laws. They didn't ask the crime this 
time、 but left a message for them to restrain themselves、 taking 
credit for Beesman's arrest.
「What can children do?」ridiculed Red、 a member of the Net Police. 
This angered Kakeru and the others. They had no intention to lose
in hacking skill.

And then、 saying「Listen to the whole story!」Pi-po-kun's icon 
made an appearance. Somehow、 Pi-po-kun's icon was suggesting a 
contest.
Cyber-crime wholeheartedly follows corruption. It's also a fact 
that they want even a little war potential. However、 that's no 
reason to investigate powerless children. So、 thus、 he wanted to.
have a game to test Kakeru and friends' ability.
Kakeru and friends would win if they could infiltrate the deepest 
part of the Metropolitan Police Department's server where Pi-po-
kun lies. If they could prevent that、 it would be the Net Police's 
win. If Kakeru and friends won、 they would be granted the arrest
privileges equal to the Net Police-- This was Pi-po-kun's proposal.
Thinking himself unbeatable、 Red agreed to the contest.
Thus、 the Metropolitan Police Department's server became the stage
for the hacking battle.

But、 in cowardice、 Red closed every port to the server. Ports、 are、 
so to speak、 doors that open to the outside. In other words、 it was 
like penetrating a building without entrances.
Without a foundation、 Kakeru and friends were at a loss. However、
an idea floated to Kakeru. He would rollerblade through the town
with Kirari and Tamaru.
Receiving their cooperation、 Kakeru successfully infiltrated the 
Department building. Attaching his sub notebook through their 
public phone、 with abundant knowledge and splendid technique、 
he steadily heads to the depths、 successfully reaching the server!

Pi-po-kun magnificently declares Kakeru's win. As promised、 they 
later complete backing from the police. Kakeru and friends are
overjoyed. However、 Red protests 「What authority does Pi-po-kun
have to do that!? This is invalid!」

At that time、 a window opened in front of Pi-po-kun. And there、
within the window、 was the Superintendent General. In other words、
he was Pi-po-kun's true identity all along!
When he said "Isn't youthful power like theirs necessary... to fight 
against cyber-crime?" Red was unable to object.

And thus、 the police sanctioned "RaiNet Guardians" were born!

