RaiNet Kakeru　■Access No. 1
"The rumored guy is no good!? Mystery Transfer Student"

NY net cafe. Someone types a mail.
"In an hour、 start the cyber attack against the Department of Defense..."

Yumehara Kakeru、 a fifth grader who just recently transferred to 
Kaigyou Elementary. Flawless in study and sport、 but doesn't
particularly stand out.

His classmates、 Kirari and Tamaru、 are members of the school's 
small computer club、 and try to get Kakeru to join with the 
reasoning that they need anybody to increase their numbers.
But Kakeru wasn't personally interested.

【Kirari】
「He's probably not good with computers. It can't be helped.」

Then one day、 during computer class.
Quickly touch typing、 Tamaru boasts to Kakeru. While rebuking 
Tamaru for that、 Kirari shows off her abundant knowledge of 
computers and the internet.

【Tamaru】
「Hey、 Kirari、 look at the transfer student. He's only using one finger 
to type-」

【Kirari】
「Come on、 stop that、 Tamaru. He's just a transfer student、 so he 
can't help it、 can he?」

Everyone in the class looked down on Kakeru's lack of ability 
when they saw him slowly press keys one by one、 as if he were 
confirming each individual keystroke.

It was that moment. Something groaned from within Kakeru's bag.
Attracting everyone's attention、 a sub notebook PC that would 
make anyone in school jealous appeared.
Moreover、 it had a unique shape.

【Tamaru】
「This guy can't be for real! A sub notebook even though he types 
one-fingered!?」

【Kirari】
「That's not it、 Tamaru. Look、 that sub notebook doesn't have a 
display」

【Tamaru】
「Ki-Kirari~、 I've never seen anything like that~、 it's making a 
screen!」

The "Upa" inside Kakeru's sub notebook carried an emergency 
mail from Nagaya-san. Written in the mail was the surprising news 
that the Department of Defense had been hacked.

Upon confirming the contents of the mail、 Kakeru's eye color 

changes、 and his movements accelerate to a surprising rate.
The entire class stared blankly. He removes the screen from the 
special sub notebook and connects the keyboard to a school 
computer.
As emergency countermeasures、 he uses the school computer to 
begin pursuit of the cracker. Kirari and Tamaru are astonished 
when Kakeru starts operating the keyboard with violent force.
Kakeru pursues the traces of the cracker who hides his identity by 
using servers throughout the world. Easily exterminating trap 
viruses and such、 he draws close to his opponent.
NY net cafe. A window opens on the monitor.
Kakeru finally corners the culprit. Faster than cyber police units 
throughout the world、 and the CIA、 Kakeru reaches the culprit's 
computer and accosts him through chat.

The culprit called himself "J." J releases viruses. Those are 
powerful things、 which have the power to force other people's 
computers to freeze.
But Kakeru defends himself by shooting a precise vaccine、 slowly 
approaching the culprit's whereabouts. The location was found to 
be somewhere in NY. After just a few moments、 he'll have the 
specific address....
J is surprised by Kakeru's ability again. "I never thought I'd have to 
use this..." he says as he takes out a strangely shaped CD-ROM. 
Kakeru could not defend against the virus released from that CD-
ROM. Furthermore、 all of the computers in the classroom are 
destroyed by that mystery program attack.

It was Kakeru's complete defeat--
The computer room teacher's face reddens with rage. At that time、 
the school dismissal bell rings. While feeling regret、 Kakeru 
rollerblades to where Nagaya-san is.

Kirari and Tamaru、 wanting to know what sort of person Kakeru、 
the transfer student is、 chase after him.
Nagaya-san tells him that the computer virus J used is the very 
dangerous Monster Program "Vaios."

The mystery Monster Programs made for an unknown purpose.

Their destructive force is said to be thousands of times stronger 
than normal viruses. There are 9 types of these unreproducible 
Monster Programs. It is said that he who collects all of them can 
control the entire internet world--
Simply put、 this Monster Program is legendary on the internet.
And a hacker has appeared who can use it.
This is a global state of emergency.

「What should we do!?」
As Kakeru implores this、 Nagaya-san takes out a gaudy-looking
input card.
「We're not just going to stand here and watch. We're just about 
finished developing a new RaiNet Card.」

Just what is this new RaiNet Card?
And what is Kakeru's true identity?

Meanwhile--
The NY net cafe's door opens、 and out comes a pretty boy.
「Kakeru、 huh... what an interesting guy」
While putting away a strangely shaped CD-ROM、 he laughs like 
he's enjoying himself.

That boy is the elementary hacker who shook the world in the past-
"J"--
