RaiNet Kakeru　■Access No. 7
"First in aircraft history! Ground hijack!"

To participate in the worldwide Typing Masters
in America、 Japan's team will go to LA.
Among Japan's reps is Kakeru、 who became an 
instant celebrity for solving numerous crimes.
Tamaru accompanies as second、 and Kirari pays
her own way with her rich girl power. They 
were chatting when an incident occurred.

The frantic cabin crew came to them. It 
seems that the jumbo jet has been hijacked.
Moreover、 the culprit was not onboard、 but 
apparently hijacked the CPU from the ground.
The crew could not switch to manual control、
letting the hacker decrease the plane's 
altitude along with its 276 passengers.
The culprit used not one explosive、 but 
circuits to halt the jet engines、 which 
would cause the plane to crash: this 
century's first "Ground Hijack!"
He wanted the Monster Program "Upa."
Kakeru infiltrates the jet with his sub notebook 
and tries to find the culprit's path、 but can't.
The only line that connects to the jet is
the heavily password-protected control tower's.
Searching for the core of that line... fails.
There is no suspicious activity from the tower.
Kakeru and friends grow impatient.

Only special radio waves should have been able
to reach the plane's height from the tower.
But Kakeru considers other possibilities and
thinks of one way: via satellite.
"Bingo!" Kakeru was right. The ground base 
connected to the satellite by a foreign line.
The culprit broke the satellite's firewall to
connect to the plane CPU. Both a satellite 
and a plane were hijacked in this major 
incident.  
Kakeru figures this out and corners the 
culprit. The first war fought at the core of 
an orbiting satellite begins. A quick victory.
The opponent was clever、 but not enough to
match Kakeru's operation. Kakeru and friends 
watch the first star war unfold on screen.
The jumbo jet was almost as beautiful as a 
space shuttle. Floating in space. Stars 
shone in Kakeru's eyes.

At last、 the global Typing Masters begins.

