RaiNet Kakeru　■Access No. 4
"Computer Club Head Kazuma's pride"

Kirari and Tamaru implored Kakeru to join the Computer Club.
But the head of the Computer Club、 Ichikawa Kazuma、 from class
4 said「Unless I see Kakeru's true skill、 I won't recognize his entry
to the club!」.
And then、 a written challenge appeared from Shidou Elementary's 
computer. Shidou is a rival school competing in the typing 
tournament "Typing Masters."
There was no way they could turn down the challenge. And so the 
Typing Battle Game between Kazuma and the Shidou Computer 
Club Head、 "Ima Pyuuta" began.
At first、 Kazuma was dominating with a steady score. However、 
his opponent、 taking advantage of the fact that he cannot be seen in 
an online battle、 underhandedly sends a virus program to Kaigyou 
Elementary's PC、 slowing down its processing speed.

And、 without him noticing it at all、 Kazuma starts losing. Kakeru、
having noticed the opponent cheating with a dirty virus、 suggests
to switch places.

【Kazuma】
「The honor of Kaigyou Elementary hangs on this fight. I'm not just 
going to switch places with you.」

But、 Kazuma was too proud. The match was gradually turning
against him.
At this point、 Tamaru and Kirari start pressuring Kazuma to listen 
to Kakeru. The whole class holds their breath as the baton is 
passed to Kakeru during devastating circumstances.
Kazuma has already given up. He bows his head and turns his back. 
But from behind his back、 comes the sound of typing unlike any 
he's ever heard before.
Kazuma looks back in surprise upon hearing a sound reverberate 
like a machine. There was the Kakeru、 crushing the opponent with
a frontal attack、 typing with a godlike speed!
And then a splendid victory!
Kazuma clung onto Kakeru in an embrace、 exclaiming「Please join 
our Computer Club!」.

And then Nagaya-san called. An online bank cracking incident had
occurred! The enemy is the internationally renowned bank robber、 
"Bishop!"  Tension once again runs through Kakeru and friends!

