RaiNet Kakeru　■Access No. 9
"Decisive battle! And... beginning"

J's weapon could be called "Bunshin no 
jutsu." His quick motions gave the 
His self-taught typing method was 
nicknamed  "Cross Ripper." J is fairly 
famous in America's underground world、 
and many imitate this style.
It gets its name from the motif of crossing
arms into a cruciform shape.
Of course、 Kakeru also has a unique skill、 
nicknamed "Thunder Gladiator."
Enough typing speed causes friction 
between finger and key、 bringing forth a small
electric current like lightning from his 
fingertips、 gradually building up.
They were evenly matched. First set went 
to Kakeru、 second to J: the match hinged 
on the final round.
Final match. Sparks flew in this grand head-
to-head fight. The struggle was projected 
onto large display panels. The audience
held their breath. But the match was 
interrupted by a power outage.
It wasn't normal trouble. Normally、 the UPS 
(Uninterruptible Power Supply) would 
activate、 and the machines would not fail.
An inevitable、 temporary truce. The sponsor 
gathered the confused audience.
...Then、 every display projected a 
suspicious logo、 and words slowly 
appeared letter by letter.

「I_am_a_Monster. _You_are_friend? 　
hahahaha」

Along with the ominous message、 tiny 
electronic sounds could be heard.

【Ｊ】
「Kakeru! Move!」

J suddenly pushes Kakeru and forcibly unplugs
Kakeru's keyboard from the tourney PC.
As soon as he does、 sparks fly from the 
USB port...
His ever-important player keyboard
narrowly avoids shorting. It seems like 
J saved Kakeru.

【Kakeru】
「Th-thanks」

【Ｊ】
「Hmph、 don't thank me. I just can't have 
a match without an opponent.」

Leaving those words、 J goes away.
Though the finals over and wins equal、 J
disappeared without accepting their trophy.
Of course、 Kakeru also refused it. And so
the match will be saved for next year.

Mystery boy J. Kakeru and friends were 
unaware that after that、 J also possessed 
a RaiNet badge.

